F1 should have a "quick tip" a status bar at the bottom, just above the output window
that if for example "SBOS_CreateWindow" it shows "SBOSCreateWindow(*winid, x, y, w, h, title, flags)"
this needs to work for all the api's so would need something that would read the api folder and catalog them
again a auto complete hitting tab, adds to the auto complete popup too 
also the popup intellisense needs to have a mono spaced font too


Features needed: 
  - the file explorer (on the left)
      1: needs a "add file"
      2: needs a "create file"
      3: remove file
      4: to list the files in the project folder. (with filters, *.c, *.h, *.inc, *.txt, *.md) and have the size of the file in brackets)
      5: double clicking on the files in the project files, open a tab (it already does this)
      5: the ability to F2 rename the files using the file explorer
  
  - the project management:
      1: a new project should just create the .proj file, and a standard (gui, or game) main.c .
          the standard gui/game will be a resource found in the idelibs/templates/


  - code editor:
      1: needs to have auto indents - (if possible lines to indicate the intentations)
      2: [ bug ] 
        - some keywords loose their colour... eg. for on its own works, but for (int i = 0; i < 10; i++) breaks the colour syntax for "for" 
              happens on if. (some bug fixes)
        - some of the APIs arent showing still
















----------------------[ DONE ] ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
line numbers on the left of the code editor


the ld file should be a default located in the idelibs (these are meant to be the source so programmers can edit these)
however they're designed to be pulled in from the IDE, as well as the coreapi "api"

- libraries are where the libraries are stored for things like the 3dlib, raycastlib, other libs i create.

- tools is where the compiler is stored (our gcc from stelectronics, it contains the bare minimum for compiling for the sidbox)

- /idelibs/api/applet.s is the startup asm
  /idelibs/api/toolchain.mk is where things are pulled in from

the IDE should keep the source files from the project where they are.

essentially a programmer writes their c files in a directory they choose
but the IDE uses the compiler, libs, api stuff. they should not be copied from the IDE to the programmers project files.

the idea here is that the IDE makes things as painless for the coder, all the settings governing the .LD for games or gui mode be in the options.

build outputs should be in the same folder the .proj file is.
options are the general options for the IDE, font settings, colours....

the "project settings" button contains the settings surrounding the project,
mod size, project type  (gui, game)

the button, NEW, needs to be able to choose between new project or a new .c file.
when a NEW project is wanted, any unsaved work needs to be written, so a confirm box is needed
THEN a new project will ask the programmer "is this gui, or a game" which can be changed in the project settings.

